It's torn. You stretched out long enough
You even dare to steal our project
To say hand length
Who can compare to my cousin?
To kill me
There are miracles
Stop talking nonsense
The people in the whole dungeon who want to kill you really can't die
Don't throw dirty water on my face
Sister Chen Qiu, I advise you
It's better to hand over your equity
For the sake of your parents' early death
I don't care about you.
Miss, if you dare to kill me
The entire Shen family will not let you go
Killer you you you
If you dare to kick me out again
I'll take you down to meet them now
Petroleum spirit you crazy
Uh-huh.
Are you afraid? You still expect me?
I'm not afraid, I'm just afraid that you will get hurt.
I just put a hole in my cousin
He deserves it.
Let him bully you
Mr. Shen, you promise me
You can't be so impulsive anymore
I'm worried about you.
Now that bunch of trash can't move for the time being
Miss Su's antique shop is just opposite
Mr. Shen, then I'll go first
And so forth.
Here you go.
Shen Qiujing's people have no money to spend outside
Shame to say it
Mr. Shen, you are so kind
Earn some luck
Hahaha
Shen Yan
Are you in love?
I just know that if you don't drive again
I will let you fall